["Mi3 is quite a superb product and I am using this phone from last 15 days. Initially if you look at the phone looks like a premium product ,if you don't know about this brand you may think that this is a product of top companies like sony, lg, or htc. The back of the phone has some Chinese logo and rear camera and the front has small logo of mi. The phone looks stunning and you may be confused that it is made up of metal. Now we come on performance of this phone\r\n1)Camera Quality- The camera quality on default settings is not upto the level of 13mp phones of brands like sony and htc but after some adjustment in camera settings I have seen a impressive improvement in the quality of the pictures clicked, therefore my suggestion is to change the settings of camera before using it.\r\n2)Multi Functioning-There is never a lag on using multiple apps at a time. All the apps played by me worked smooth as ever.\r\n3)High Quality Videos Playback- This is era in which nobody want to have low quality videos in their storage. High Quality videos played on phone looks superb on its great screen.(441 ppi)\r\n4)User Interface- Somebody who has not used i phone may find it different or sometimes annoying until you have habit but i like it because of its simplicity.\r\n5)Gaming- High Quality Games like Asphalt 8,etc played by me without any frame drops.\r\n6)Battery Life- Last but not least in importance , battery life of this phone is quite good. I play lots and lots of heavy games daily even after that it has something left at the end of the day so it is quite useful to have the phone which has this quality of battery life.\r\nThe most important problem with this phone is its availability that too irritated me, It is available on Flipkart only after that you have to wait for one week after registering then if you are lucky on sale day then you may be able to purchase it. \r\nOverall this is a superb phone at this price and if you are looking for phone around Rs. 15k and you have a great luck then you must buy it.\r\nThank You", 'mi 3 is warning to all leading brands \r\nawesome phone with amazing specs and features....\r\ncons +\r\n1. snapdragon 800\r\n2. 2.3 ghz pros\r\n3. 2 gb ram\r\n4.5" full hd 1080*1920\r\n5. 13 mp shooter with dual led\r\n6. os 4.4.2\r\n7. 3050 mAh battery\r\n8. 441 ppi\r\n9. front and back both camera can record hd video\r\n10. antutu benchmark 36000 plus\r\n11. last but not least price rs 13,999\r\nneg -\r\n1. after sales service\r\n2. non- removable battery\r\n3. non expandable memory', 'five star%0athis is a good phone and equal a google nexus%0au can carry easily%0aprocessor is good because 2.3 GHZ %0afront and back camera quality good', 'pathetic service center in noida,went to xiaomi customer care in noida sector 18 yesterday above bamboo shoots restaurant,around 5 ,6 customer executive were beating one customer ,his only fault ,he was asking for his mi phone which he give to repair before a month, and then i came to know that all the customers were facing same issues as they had given there devices from last around one or two months', "Well, shopping experience for buying a mobile phone (Xiaomi MI3) has not been pleasant at all. Firstly the nature of the way, FLIPKART decided to dispose off MI3 phones were rude, lacked convenience, transparency and caused unnecessary uncertainties, anxiety. Everyone will agree that FLIPKART's servers were a big disappointment. And even the post purchase experience with FLIPKART delivery has not been so sterling. I paid for the mobile phone on 5th and the committed date for home delivery was before or by the 9th August . Its 12th August and flipkart's packet is yet to arrive. Even after, i wrote two emails to flipkart on 9th and on 11th, there has been very little actual help except automatic email reponses with incident number tags that i got on email. Speaking to customer care was also not easy, as you have listen to the machine very carefully and punch in various numbers at various steps. Having done shopping over internet over quite a number of years now, overseas as well as i India, i can say this particular shopping experience has left me with a bitter taste and i will have to think several times now before i put my pennies on flipkart. In comparison, the giants like the Ebay, Amazon, the way they streamline the process with their partners to deliver quick, discipline, is way better.", 'had a really very bad experience with the phone and the customer service center in alleppey sonic systems, staff were very rude and not interested to serve you especially the front office lady , very bad experience and never buy mi products in future', "don't buy MI phones.. just waste of money.... bi-cott MI and all chinese phones...", "I have never seen such a worst customer care from the Redmi phone which I bought last year in novermber.\n\nMI protect for insurance I paid Rs.599, unfortunately I phone fell down and touch screen broken. The company's motive is not to give claim to any of the customer's for damages though it has collected money for MI protect insurance for damage and theft.\nSuch a worst customer care I never come across in my life My suggestion is don't go for Redmi MI phones.. Worst customer care after sale.", 'I been using Iphone for years and recently changed my mind to buy a Mi phone and finally decided to buy Mi3 through Mi.com on their last flash sale on 23rd March. I made full payment online and its been 4 days, there is no communication on the delivery and on the site mi.com, if i log in there is no information about shipping. Now I understand why they offer flash sale, the customers make the payment, once the payment is done they evaluate how many users have bought the product and then it goes for manufacturing phase, the product is only made after receiving the payment. and to reduce the production life time, they keep it to minimal no. of units OR rather limit the sale to the no. of units can be made possible in 5 days time, and this gets repeated every week in the name of flash sale. \r\n\r\nQuite disappointed and now thinking to cancel the product and go for Iphone 6s. Worst customer service.', 'Xiaomi playing smartly, not giving warranty to anything except than software. I faced problem with sim ejection in MI3, and service centre person told directly no warranty for this and there is no replacement of only that part, need to change complete motherboard costing INR 8500. As per service centre for any problem related to hardware there is no sub parts will be changed either you have to change motherboard for any harware issue or change complete screen for INR 5000. really a very bad experiance.', "Mi3 is quite a superb product and I am using this phone from last 15 days. Initially if you look at the phone looks like a premium product ,if you don't know about this brand you may think that this is a product of top companies like sony, lg, or htc. The back of the phone has some Chinese logo and rear camera and the front has small logo of mi. The phone looks stunning and you may be confused that it is made up of metal. Now we come on performance of this phone\r\n1)Camera Quality- The camera quality on default settings is not upto the level of 13mp phones of brands like sony and htc but after some adjustment in camera settings I have seen a impressive improvement in the quality of the pictures clicked, therefore my suggestion is to change the settings of camera before using it.\r\n2)Multi Functioning-There is never a lag on using multiple apps at a time. All the apps played by me worked smooth as ever.\r\n3)High Quality Videos Playback- This is era in which nobody want to have low quality videos in their storage. High Quality videos played on phone looks superb on its great screen.(441 ppi)\r\n4)User Interface- Somebody who has not used i phone may find it different or sometimes annoying until you have habit but i like it because of its simplicity.\r\n5)Gaming- High Quality Games like Asphalt 8,etc played by me without any frame drops.\r\n6)Battery Life- Last but not least in importance , battery life of this phone is quite good. I play lots and lots of heavy games daily even after that it has something left at the end of the day so it is quite useful to have the phone which has this quality of battery life.\r\nThe most important problem with this phone is its availability that too irritated me, It is available on Flipkart only after that you have to wait for one week after registering then if you are lucky on sale day then you may be able to purchase it. \r\nOverall this is a superb phone at this price and if you are looking for phone around Rs. 15k and you have a great luck then you must buy it.\r\nThank You", 'mi 3 is warning to all leading brands \r\nawesome phone with amazing specs and features....\r\ncons +\r\n1. snapdragon 800\r\n2. 2.3 ghz pros\r\n3. 2 gb ram\r\n4.5" full hd 1080*1920\r\n5. 13 mp shooter with dual led\r\n6. os 4.4.2\r\n7. 3050 mAh battery\r\n8. 441 ppi\r\n9. front and back both camera can record hd video\r\n10. antutu benchmark 36000 plus\r\n11. last but not least price rs 13,999\r\nneg -\r\n1. after sales service\r\n2. non- removable battery\r\n3. non expandable memory', 'five star%0athis is a good phone and equal a google nexus%0au can carry easily%0aprocessor is good because 2.3 GHZ %0afront and back camera quality good', 'pathetic service center in noida,went to xiaomi customer care in noida sector 18 yesterday above bamboo shoots restaurant,around 5 ,6 customer executive were beating one customer ,his only fault ,he was asking for his mi phone which he give to repair before a month, and then i came to know that all the customers were facing same issues as they had given there devices from last around one or two months', "Well, shopping experience for buying a mobile phone (Xiaomi MI3) has not been pleasant at all. Firstly the nature of the way, FLIPKART decided to dispose off MI3 phones were rude, lacked convenience, transparency and caused unnecessary uncertainties, anxiety. Everyone will agree that FLIPKART's servers were a big disappointment. And even the post purchase experience with FLIPKART delivery has not been so sterling. I paid for the mobile phone on 5th and the committed date for home delivery was before or by the 9th August . Its 12th August and flipkart's packet is yet to arrive. Even after, i wrote two emails to flipkart on 9th and on 11th, there has been very little actual help except automatic email reponses with incident number tags that i got on email. Speaking to customer care was also not easy, as you have listen to the machine very carefully and punch in various numbers at various steps. Having done shopping over internet over quite a number of years now, overseas as well as i India, i can say this particular shopping experience has left me with a bitter taste and i will have to think several times now before i put my pennies on flipkart. In comparison, the giants like the Ebay, Amazon, the way they streamline the process with their partners to deliver quick, discipline, is way better.", 'had a really very bad experience with the phone and the customer service center in alleppey sonic systems, staff were very rude and not interested to serve you especially the front office lady , very bad experience and never buy mi products in future', "don't buy MI phones.. just waste of money.... bi-cott MI and all chinese phones...", "I have never seen such a worst customer care from the Redmi phone which I bought last year in novermber.\n\nMI protect for insurance I paid Rs.599, unfortunately I phone fell down and touch screen broken. The company's motive is not to give claim to any of the customer's for damages though it has collected money for MI protect insurance for damage and theft.\nSuch a worst customer care I never come across in my life My suggestion is don't go for Redmi MI phones.. Worst customer care after sale.", 'I been using Iphone for years and recently changed my mind to buy a Mi phone and finally decided to buy Mi3 through Mi.com on their last flash sale on 23rd March. I made full payment online and its been 4 days, there is no communication on the delivery and on the site mi.com, if i log in there is no information about shipping. Now I understand why they offer flash sale, the customers make the payment, once the payment is done they evaluate how many users have bought the product and then it goes for manufacturing phase, the product is only made after receiving the payment. and to reduce the production life time, they keep it to minimal no. of units OR rather limit the sale to the no. of units can be made possible in 5 days time, and this gets repeated every week in the name of flash sale. \r\n\r\nQuite disappointed and now thinking to cancel the product and go for Iphone 6s. Worst customer service.', 'Xiaomi playing smartly, not giving warranty to anything except than software. I faced problem with sim ejection in MI3, and service centre person told directly no warranty for this and there is no replacement of only that part, need to change complete motherboard costing INR 8500. As per service centre for any problem related to hardware there is no sub parts will be changed either you have to change motherboard for any harware issue or change complete screen for INR 5000. really a very bad experiance.']